turkeys in general have this misplaced
reputation for stupidity
this experimental knowledge was proven
quite the opposite there are many things
that suggest that while turkeys are
intelligent but my experience with
learning their vocabulary has taught me
how profound this intelligence actually
is you have to be this close to a
creature to understand how it
communicates and in fact they have
specific vocalizations for individual
animals and I actually learned these
vocalizations and when I would here are
certain vocalization I would know
without question they had found a
rattlesnake and not a grey rat snake and
I've identified over 30 specific calls
and my vocabulary is growing every day
I'm learning to talk turkey
interestingly I learned that within each
one of those calls
there are inflections that have very
different meanings for example one would
be what is known as a purr
[Music]
many different meanings depending on the
inflection from simply Here I am where
are you - catastrophe is on the way a
simple plane Yelp that would mean you're
out of sight now and you need to come
closer
when turkeys see a hawk soaring in the
distance and they're not really
disturbed about a hawk soaring but they
want everybody to know it's there and so
they met what I called a low nasal
flying and it's and it causes everyone
to be still and very quiet I didn't have
the capacity to understand every
vocalization but somehow I had the
capacity to understand their meaning and
that was an almost magical thing that
occurred with this young birds
you